Create React App Cheatsheet
Looking through our files - gitignore - A file that contains a list of all the files git commands will ignore, important for larger projects with lots of dependancies - package.json - This contains the information on dependancies, and the scripts your react project can use. - readme.md - Contains descriptions of the scripts your react application can use, and helpful links to the react documentation - package-lock.json - Automatically generated file which contains dependancy information
node-modules - Where the magic of react happens - You won't have to edit any of these files directly - Always put node_modules in your gitignore file
public - favicon.ico - A very specifically formatted icon file for the small icon if your browser tabs when you're online - index.html - Where you can change the title of your page, it also contains the root div for displaying our React application. You generally will only edit the title for the browser. - manifest.json - Where the app's name, icon information, and the url of the application are stored. - robots.txt - List of files in your site/app for the bots or webscrapers to ignore
src - App.css - Where you'll put a lot of your CSS styling for apps. It contains the default styling for the basic create-react-app code - App.js - Your highest level component, and where you will import all highest level parts of your application. This is where the default react JSX is kept. - App.test.js - Contains the code for some of the default tests , you won't be in this file very often in our program. - index.js - Where the ReactDOM.render runs, and is the final step in the create-react-app before it is rendered in the browser - serviceWorker.js - Runs in the background of an application independantly. It does useful things like allowing you to compile your application faster on subsequent loads
Creating components in create-react-app and using them! - In the src folder create a new folder called "components" You are welcome to create as many different component folders inside this one, or in smaller scale applications you can - Components files should usually contain a SINGLE component, and should contain imports only important to that file. - All react components should start with the line "import React from 'react'" - At the bottom of the page you need to 'export default COMPONENTNAME' - Let's say we're importing a component named Gary to our App.js file. In App.js at the top of the page (imports should always go at the top of a React component) "import Gary from './components/Gary'" - We're importanting the Gary component from our Gary.js file which is located inside out components folder, in the Gary.js file. - IMPORTANT remember when you're importing files think of where they are relative to the file we're currently in. Use gitbash's/terminal's pathing to reach the file. - When importing things other than React, they are interchangeable variable names. If you are important a component named Jeff to your component you can call it Potato if you import it as 'import Potato from './Jeff' - After it is imported just call the component inside the return inside the parent div as a JSX expression like <Gary />
